This will be my tagline:

Option 1:
“If creativity reflects the process of problem-solving, then it is a professional paintbrush.”-Benjamin Zou
Option 2:
“Good design is good business”- Thomas John Watson Jr
Option3:
“Less is more.” My interpretation is “designers think more, users think
less”, 	the design is all about the user's experience.


This will be my introductory text, a paragraph(s) totalling at least 150 words that welcome user, state the goal of the portfolio website, and describe my ambitions and something positive I feel about working in web:

Option 1:
	Hello, I am Benjamin Zou, a web designer at the Multimedia Technologies program concentrating in Web Design and Development at Pittsburgh Technical College. I am a creative thinker and a good listener. I am good at creating meaningful design solutions and enjoy challenges. I will do everything in my power to make sure you are satisfied with your project. I believe the UX (User Experience) is a golden rule for the overall accessibility of the website. I interpret “Less is More” as “designers think more, users think less." I will always ensure the logical and clean content layouts in each web project that satisfy the general audience as known as the streamlined experience. I believe “Good Design is Good Business.” Design should align with business strategies because a website is a business head.

Option 2
	 “Good design is good business.” A good design should align with business strategies; it should solve problems and achieve business goals, not only about fancy fashion. Hello, I am Benjamin Zou, a web designer. I am a creative thinker and a good listener. I am good at creating meaningful design solutions and enjoy challenges. I speak Chinese, so I can help to develop a bilingual website. My design principle is “Less is more,” focusing on user experiences is the golden role for all design pieces. 

Option 3
	“Customer is god.” Hello, god, this Benjamin Zou, a web designer. I am a reliable employee and student with excellent attendance and recognition for performance. I speak Chinese, so I can help to develop bilingual websites. I believe “Good design is good business,” the web design should align with the business strategies, not fancy fashion. My design principle is “Less is more”; focusing on user experiences is the golden role for all designs.  Pittsburgh Technical College has prepared me with practical skills, from user experiences to project management. I am looking forward to working with you.


Here is a piece description for one piece that my portfolio will show, following the format outlined on Blackboard: 
Title & Type of Site: Miles to Remember – Event Website
Talent Showcased: Design, Markup, Front-End, Responsive Layout, Animatio
Objective: Information about the charity Event – Miles to Remember - held by a local Church to increase awareness of Convincing people to support IDD (Intellectual and Developmental) guests by participating in this charity event.
Target Audience: People who have special needs and their family, Volunteer, local community.
Highlights: 
•Green, yellow analogous color are used to symbolize hope, sunshine, and joy.
•Hovered effects at three images’ caption to increase the interactivity at the page while saving the space
•The font of the slogan” RUN WITH US TO SUPPORT THOSE WITH DISABILITIES” like an underlined text to inform this charity event is a teamwork movement.
•The animated banner on the header is to inform the audience to remember the time and location of the event as well as the persuasive purpose. 
•Last year’s video to show what does the event look like in the previous year.

Title & Type of Site:Jack’s Story (Studying in the U.S.) – Blog Website
Talent Showcased: Interactivity, Animation, Responsive layout, E-commerce, Familiarity with Frameworks
Objective: Blog website to share information with visitors; e-commerce
Target Audience: Students or people who are interested in different culture’s perspectives
Highlights: 
•The animated subtitle “Studying in the U.S.” – move from right to left as the user loads the page.
•Videos (muted) slide on the home page.
•audio and video to present the beauty of Pittsburgh.
•Links were embedded in the images and text that enhance the user’s experience.

Title & Type of Site:T-go Solutions ONLINE PRINTSHOP – Online Shopping Website
Talent Showcased: Interactivity, Design, Responsive layout, Sever-side Development, e-commerce
Objective: Provide the textile printing solution for DIY enthusiasts.
Target Audience: People who have printers at home
Highlights: 
•Grid Layout in the "Product Catalog" page to fit a variety of screen devices.
•Poster design on the homepage
•Visitors can click on each product to get further information and place an order.
•Customers can register and purchase products.

